add 0.2.0 release notes (#58)
kbase/java_common: RELEASE_NOTES.txt

-----------------------------------------
Repo for code shared between Java services.

VERSION: 0.2.0 (Release 2/7/24)
---------------------------------

> * MongoController now has a constructor suited for different MongoDB versions
> * The us.kbase.common.test.controllers.shock directory was removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* MongoController is now compatible with Mongo versions 2 through 7.
* The ShockController was removed.
```
Slight wording clarification

Author: 👍

> VERSION: 0.1.1 (Release 12/21/22)

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing the date, not sure how I missed that last time

Author: 👍
